color	Specifies the color
	#000000	black
	black
	#FF0000	red
	red
	#00FF00	green
	green
	#0000FF	blue
	blue
	#FFFF00	yellow
	yellow
	#00FFFF	cyan
	cyan
	#FF00FF	magenta
	magenta
	#FFFFFF	white
	white	
	#C0C0C0	silver
	silver
	#D3D3D3	lightgrey
	#A9A9A9	darkgrey
	#808080	grey
	grey
cursor	The cursor property specifies the type of cursor to be displayed when pointing on an element
	auto	Default. The browser sets a cursor
	crosshair	The cursor render as a crosshair
	default	The default cursor
	help	The cursor indicates that help is available
	move	The cursor indicates something that should be moved
	text	The cursor indicates text
	wait	The cursor indicates that the program is busy
	pointer	The cursor render as a pointer
	progress	The cursor indicates that the program is busy (in progress)
	e-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved right (east)
	n-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved up (north)
	s-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved down (south)
	w-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved left (west)
	ne-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved up and right (north/east)
	nw-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved up and left (north/west)
	se-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved down and right (south/east)
	sw-resize	The cursor indicates that an edge of a box is to be moved down and left (south/west)
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the cursor property should be inherited from the parent element
display	The display property specifies the type of box an element should generate
	none	The element will generate no box at all
	block	The element will generate a block box (a line break before and after the element)
	inline	The element will generate an inline box (no line break before or after the element). This is default
	inline-block	The element will generate a block box, laid out as an inline box
	inline-table	The element will generate an inline box (like <table>, with no line break before or after)
	list-item	The element will generate a block box, and an inline box for the list marker
	run-in	The element will generate a block or inline box, depending on context
	table	The element will behave like a table (like <table>, with a line break before and after)
	table-caption	The element will behave like a table caption (like <caption>)
	table-cell	The element will behave like a table cell
	table-column	The element will behave like a table column
	table-column-group	The element will behave like a table column group (like <colgroup>)
	table-footer-group	The element will behave like a table footer row group
	table-header-group	The element will behave like a table header row group
	table-row	The element will behave like a table row
	table-row-group	The element will behave like a table row group
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the display property should be inherited from the parent element
visibility	The visibility property specifies whether or not an element is visible
	visible	The element is visible. This is default
	hidden	The element is invisible (but still takes up space)
	collapse	Only for table elements. collapse removes a row or column, but it does not affect the table layout. The space taken up by the row or column will be available for other content. If collapse is used on other elements, it renders as "hidden"
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the visibility property should be inherited from the parent element
clear	Specifies which sides of an element where other floating elements are not allowed
	left
	right
	both
	none
	inherit
float	Specifies whether or not a box should float
	left
	right
	none
	inherit
position	Specifies the type of positioning for an element
	absolute
	fixed
	relative
	static
	inherit
background	Sets all the background properties in one declaration	
background-color	Specifies the background color
	$(color)
	transparent
background-image
	url('URL')	The URL to the image
	none	No background image will be displayed. This is default
	inherit	Specifies that the background image should be inherited from the parent element
background-repeat	Background-repeat property sets if/how a background image will be repeated.
	repeat	The background image will be repeated both vertically and horizontally. This is default
	repeat-x	The background image will be repeated only horizontally
	repeat-y	The background image will be repeated only vertically
	no-repeat	The background-image will not be repeated
	inherit	Specifies that the setting of the background-repeat property should be inherited from the parent element
background-attachment	Sets whether a background image is fixed or scrolls with the rest of the page.
	scroll	The background image scrolls with the rest of the page. This is default
	fixed	The background image is fixed
	inherit	Specifies that the setting of the background-attachment property should be inherited from the parent element
background-position	Sets the starting position of a background image
	left
	left top
	left center
	left bottom
	right
	right top
	right center
	right bottom
	center
	center top
	center center
	center bottom
	x% y%	The first value is the horizontal position and the second value is the vertical. The top left corner is 0% 0%. The right bottom corner is 100% 100%. If you only specify one value, the other value will be 50%. . Default value is: 0% 0%
	xpos ypos	The first value is the horizontal position and the second value is the vertical. The top left corner is 0 0. Units can be pixels (0px 0px) or any other CSS units. If you only specify one value, the other value will be 50%. You can mix % and positions
	inherit	Specifies that the setting of the background-position property should be inherited from the parent element
z-index	specifies the stack order of an element.
font	Sets all the font properties in one declaration
font-family	Specifies the font family for text
font-size	Specifies the font size of text
	xx-small	Sets the font-size to an xx-small size
	x-small	Sets the font-size to an extra small size
	small	Sets the font-size to a small size
	medium	Sets the font-size to a medium size. This is default
	large	Sets the font-size to a large size
	x-large	Sets the font-size to an extra large size
	xx-large	Sets the font-size to an xx-large size
	smaller	Sets the font-size to a smaller size than the parent element
	larger	Sets the font-size to a larger size than the parent element
	length	Sets the font-size to a fixed size in px, cm, etc.
	%	Sets the font-size to a percent of  the parent element's font size
	inherit	Specifies that the font size should be inherited from the parent element
font-style	Specifies the font style for text
	normal	The browser displays a normal font style. This is default
	italic	The browser displays an italic font style
	oblique	The browser displays an oblique font style
	inherit	Specifies that the font style should be inherited from the parent element
font-variant	Specifies whether or not a text should be displayed in a small-caps font
	normal	The browser displays a normal font. This is default
	small-caps	The browser displays a small-caps font
	inherit	Specifies that the font variant should be inherited from the parent element
font-weight	Specifies the weight of a font
	normal	Defines normal characters. This is default
	bold	Defines thick characters
	bolder	Defines thicker characters
	lighter	Defines lighter characters
	100
	200
	300
	400	is the same as normal
	500
	600
	700	is the same as bold
	800
	900
	inherit	Specifies that the font weight should be inherited from the parent element

overflow	specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box
	visible	The overflow is not clipped. It renders outside the element's box. This is default
	hidden	The overflow is clipped, and the rest of the content will be invisible
	scroll	The overflow is clipped, but a scroll-bar is added to see the rest of the content
	auto	If overflow is clipped, a scroll-bar should be added to see the rest of the content
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the overflow property should be inherited from the parent element
	initial	Sets this property to its default value
overflow-x	specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box
	visible	The overflow is not clipped. It renders outside the element's box. This is default
	hidden	The overflow is clipped, and the rest of the content will be invisible
	scroll	The overflow is clipped, but a scroll-bar is added to see the rest of the content
	auto	If overflow is clipped, a scroll-bar should be added to see the rest of the content
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the overflow property should be inherited from the parent element
	initial	Sets this property to its default value
overflow-y	specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box
	visible	The overflow is not clipped. It renders outside the element's box. This is default
	hidden	The overflow is clipped, and the rest of the content will be invisible
	scroll	The overflow is clipped, but a scroll-bar is added to see the rest of the content
	auto	If overflow is clipped, a scroll-bar should be added to see the rest of the content
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the overflow property should be inherited from the parent element
	initial	Sets this property to its default value

opacity	is a CSS3 property for transparency

margin	A shorthand property for setting the margin properties in one declaration
margin-bottom	Sets the bottom margin of an element
margin-left	Sets the left margin of an element
margin-right	Sets the right margin of an element
margin-top	Sets the top margin of an element

padding	A shorthand property for setting all the padding properties in one declaration
padding-bottom	Sets the bottom padding of an element
padding-left	Sets the left padding of an element
padding-right	Sets the right padding of an element
padding-top	Sets the top padding of an element

border	Sets all the border properties in one declaration
border-color	Sets the color of the four borders
	$(color)
	transparent
border-style	Sets the style of the four borders
	none	Specifies no border
	hidden	The same as "none", except in border conflict resolution for table elements
	dotted	Specifies a dotted border
	dashed	Specifies a dashed border
	solid	Specifies a solid border
	double	Specifies a double border
	groove	Specifies a 3D grooved border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	ridge	Specifies a 3D ridged border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	inset	Specifies a 3D inset border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	outset	Specifies a 3D outset border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	inherit	Specifies that the border style should be inherited from the parent element
border-width	Sets the width of the four borders	
border-bottom	Sets all the bottom border properties in one declaration
border-bottom-color	Sets the color of the bottom border
	$(border-color)
border-bottom-style	Sets the style of the bottom border
	$(border-style)
border-bottom-width	Sets the width of the bottom border
border-left	Sets all the left border properties in one declaration
border-left-color	Sets the color of the left border
	$(border-color)
border-left-style	Sets the style of the left border
	$(border-style)
border-left-width	Sets the width of the left border
border-right	Sets all the right border properties in one declaration
border-right-color	Sets the color of the right border
	$(border-color)
border-right-style	Sets the style of the right border
	$(border-style)
border-right-width	Sets the width of the right border
border-top	Sets all the top border properties in one declaration
border-top-color	Sets the color of the top border
	$(border-color)
border-top-style	Sets the style of the top border
	$(border-style)
border-top-width	Sets the width of the top border
border-radius	is CSS3 a shorthand property for setting the four border-*-radius properties

letter-spacing	increases or decreases the space between characters in a text
	normal	No extra space between characters. This is default
	length	Defines an extra space between characters (negative values are allowed)
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the letter-spacing property should be inherited from the parent element
line-height	specifies the line height
	normal	A normal line height. This is default
	number	A number that will be multiplied with the current font size to set the line height
	length	A fixed line height in px, pt, cm, etc.
	%	A line height in percent of the current font size
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the line-height property should be inherited from the parent element
word-spacing	increases or decreases the white space between words
	normal	Defines normal space between words . This is default
	length	Defines an extra space between words in px, pt, cm, em, etc. Negative values are allowed 
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the word-spacing property should be inherited from the parent element
white-space	specifies how white-space inside an element is handled
	normal	Sequences of whitespace will collapse into a single whitespace. Text will wrap when necessary. This is default
	nowrap	Sequences of whitespace will collapse into a single whitespace. Text will never wrap to the next line. The text continues on the same line until a <br /> tag is encountered
	pre	Whitespace is preserved by the browser. Text will only wrap on line breaks Acts like the <pre> tag in HTML
	pre-line	Sequences of whitespace will collapse into a single whitespace. Text will wrap when necessary, and on line breaks
	pre-wrap	Whitespace is preserved by the browser. Text will wrap when necessary, and on line breaks
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the white-space property should be inherited from the parent element
text-align	specifies the horizontal alignment of text in an element
	left	Aligns the text to the left
	right	Aligns the text to the right
	center	Centers the text
	justify	Stretches the lines so that each line has equal width (like in newspapers and magazines)
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the text-align property should be inherited from the parent element
text-decoration	specifies the decoration added to text
	none	Defines a normal text. This is default
	underline	Defines a line below the text
	overline	Defines a line above the text
	line-through	Defines a line through the text
	blink	Defines a blinking text
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the text-decoration property should be inherited from the parent element
text-shadow	is CSS3 property, applies shadow to text. Sample: h-shadow v-shadow blur color
text-indent	specifies the indentation of the first line in a text-block
text-transform	controls the capitalization of text
	none	No capitalization. The text renders as it is. This is default
	capitalize	Transforms the first character of each word to uppercase
	uppercase	Transforms all characters to uppercase
	lowercase	Transforms all characters to lowercase
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the text-transform property should be inherited from the parent element
vertical-align	sets the vertical alignment of an element
	length	Raises or lower an element by the specified length. Negative values are allowed
	%	Raises or lower an element in a percent of the "line-height" property. Negative values are allowed
	baseline	Align the baseline of the element with the baseline of the parent element. This is default
	sub	Aligns the element as it was subscript
	super	Aligns the element as it was superscript
	top	The top of the element is aligned with the top of the tallest element on the line
	text-top	The top of the element is aligned with the top of the parent element's font
	middle	The element is placed in the middle of the parent element
	bottom	The bottom of the element is aligned with the lowest element on the line
	text-bottom	The bottom of the element is aligned with the bottom of the parent element's font
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the vertical-align property should be inherited from the parent element
	
left	For absolutely positioned elements
right	For absolutely positioned elements
top	For absolutely positioned elements
bottom	For absolutely positioned elements
width	sets the width of an element
height	sets the height of an element

direction	specifies the text direction/writing direction
	ltr	The writing direction is left-to-right. This is default
	rtl	The writing direction is right-to-left
	inherit	Specifies that the value of the direction property should be inherited from the parent element
	
max-height	sets the maximum height of an element
min-height	sets the minimum height of an element
max-width	sets the maximum width of an element
min-width	sets the minimum width of an element

box-sizing	allows you to define certain elements to fit an area in a certain way
	content-box
	border-box
	inherit

text-overflow	specifies how overflowed content that is not displayed should be signaled to the user
	clip	Default value. Clips the text
	ellipsis	Render an ellipsis ("...") to represent clipped text
	STRING	Render the given string to represent clipped text
	initial	Sets this property to its default value
	inherit	Inherits this property from its parent element